# day 01-政府
- be responsible for 。。。 （表原因）
- juvenile delinquency
- lead young people astray
- authorities
- serverity of an offence
- commit minor crimes
	- commit suicide
	- commit severe/stiff/harsh crimes
- serve a sentence
	- serve a prison sentence
- be brought to justice
- be given harsh punishment
- criminals
- law-abiding citizens
- inglicted by .. 由。。。导致
- as a deterrent 
- a deterrent effect
- ==potential ==
- be a comfort to the victims

### 教育
- gain the ability of empathy
- launch campaigns to promote virtues/ morals
- shun criminal and anti-social behavior
- acquire practical skills


### 政府投资
- have make enough contribute to the whole social
- have contributed enough to the society when they are young
- lead to a ==reward== life

- putting money aside
- lead a life with dignity and pride

- The povision of monetary outlays for retirees will lead a decrease of investment in other fields.
- foster the economic development of a country

- make unique contribution to
- should be considered as a returned favor
- allocate money to medical treatment
- from disadvantage backgrounds
- get equal access to  a sound healthcare

- impose heavy pressure on
- `render` more concerns over
- perfecting the construction of the infrastructure
- popularizing free education
- ==prepare==

### 边远地区
- adequate .... infrastructure
- backing away from impoverished regions
- 

# day02-教育

### 在家教育-good
- schooling = education
	- `home-schooling`
- `be tailored to sb` 为。。。量身定做
	- `be customized to sb`
- bullied
- peer pressure
### 在家教育-bad
- lose opportunities to develop their social skills
- work and earn money
- limit  resource==s== and sport facilities

### 溺爱-bad
- `overindulgence`
- lead sb to do
	- lead teenagers to `cultivate` social skills
	- lead teenagers to impart communication skills
- `the sense of moral regulation`
- over caring parents
- `delay to the process in which` children learn import skills
- reinforce good behaviors

### 专注学习-good
- `dedicating themselves to` academics will ensure them a `prosperous` future
- `investing fully in` academic and learning the skills forms the `basis of` their `professional` career
- limiting subject can allow for `greater focus`

### 专注学习-bad
- as an `important element of `high education
- well-adjusted adults
- extracurricular activities
- ==render==
- well-rounded talents
- `feel harnessed to`

### 体罚-good
- physical punishment is the strongest `deterrent`
- will think twice before breaking the rules

 ### 体罚-bad
- is belittling, controlling and affecting a person's `self-esteem`
- `resentment` and fear against
- acceptable

## 校服-good
- level playing field
- helps students gain better academic ==performance== through improving attendance.
- ==promote utility== within the school as students feel they are all part of the same group

### 校服-bad
- ==promote conformity over individuality==
- ==restrict== a child's development and even lead to rebellion
