# 小作文-03流程图

## 工序图

==大纲==
- The diagram shows
- At the first stage/ At the beginning of the whole cycle, ... is subsequently
- The second stage is/ In the process of/ In the next step
- In the final phase/ Entering the final phase/ (doing or n.) is the last step in the procedure, ....
- Overall. 
	- ==必须概括流程：... consists of ... stages ... Starting from ... and end at ....==
	- 可选比较难易：... is simple, ...
	- 可选点明区别：There are substantial differences between ... / There are remarkable changes in
	- `cement production consists of 4 stages, starting from crushing materials into powder and ending at bagging cement`

==标准句式==
> 材料+动作（被动）+介词（in、by、to）+器具

`chocolate was sent to oven and heated and turned into liquid`
==链接==
- where/in which
- Before/after 分词
	- `chocolate is sent to oven, before being heated and turned into liquid`
	- `Chocolate is heated and turned it into liquid, after being sent to the oven`
- After which
- until, once
- and
- afterward, then, In the next step, after that, next, finally

==单词==
| 传送 | deliver，send，transfer，transport        |
| ---- | ----------------------------------------- |
| 转换 | convert into， transform into， turn into |
| 使用 | utilise，employ，use                      |
| 丢弃 | throw away， dispose of， remove          |
| 生产 | Produce， generate，creat，make           | 
processed into

## 生长图
- begin life as
- It is followed by the second stage/After ... mouths (years) ...
- The third stage is/ By the time/ For the next ... mouths (year) ...
- At the final stage/ Entering the final phase, ...

> plastics recycling

The diagram gives information about how plastics be recycled.

Over all the plastics recycle consists ==of== 3 steps. Starting from ~~custroms~~ ==customers==, some kinds of plastic was filled in landfill, as well as others are recycled by industries and become  ==products== again.

At ==beginning==, people buy and use the plastics products, after that a part of them, bags and rubbish, are transported to landfill.  On the other hand the bottles, made by palstics, are collected and then being placed at sorting house.

In the next step, the plastics are deliveried by driving to the industries, wherer they are recycled into products. Finally, those products made by wasted bottles was sold in shops and people use them again with a new cycle begins.
