## 未来时态
- be likely to
- be predicted to
- be expected to


## 开头
- show/provide information about
- show/illustrate the changes in
- show the differences between
- Compare ... in therms of

### 改写
- the popularity of different ... option

## 转段
- As shown in the second chart
- It is clear for the second chart
- The second chart shows that

- with regards to ...
- concerning 
- As for

- Diffenent trends are seen in
- by comparison, the figure for
- In contrast

## 结尾
- overall


## 总结句子
- In the contrast
- steady
- it rose fourfold to 8%
- remained basically no change


## 题目二
The table provides the information about what kind of dwelling did people like to choose
how many people choose different types of dwelling in Victoria, NSW, and Tasmania in different two years.
==the popularity of different types of dwelling==
Overall, the ~~proportion of~~ choosing house was most popular ~~the largest part~~ in those three cities, though there was a slight decline in 2006. And the proportion of flat become the second largest part in NSW and Tasmania, with increasing slightly in this ~~proide~~ ==period==.

In those two years, house was the best choose in those three cities. Specially in Tasmania, the percentage of house was 88% in 2001, while that figure declined to 86% in 2006. And same trend was seen in Victoria and NSW, with decreasing to 74% and 64% respectively. Semi-detached house was second popular in Victoria, increasing from 12% to 13% between 2001 and 2006. However in other two cities, this figure was 9% and 4% respectively.
However, the figure for NSW fell to 9% while T had the lowest figure at 4%.

As for apartment, there was a steady increase ~~in 3 cities~~ ==in all regions==. ==NSW had the higest proportion of== choosing flat as dwelling, as 15% in 2006, while the figure in other 2 area growing to 12% and 9% respectively. NSW also had a ==significant== number of people living in other types of dwellings, at 12% in 2006. But those ==options== were ==unpopular== in Vico and T

## 题目三
The bar charts provide the information about the percentage of 60-64-year-old men and women who still work in four countries in different two years

Over all, almost all the percentage of 60-64-age groups who still worked in those 4 countries in 2000 was smaller than this figure in 1970, except the ~~percentage of women in Australia increasing slightly during this peroid~~ **except for the slight increase in the figure for Ausralian women**.

For men,  Japan had the biggest figure among those 4 chounties, as 85% in 1970 and 75% in 2000. On the other hand, There is a huger decline in Belguium during this period, whith decreasing from almost 80% to 19%, while ohter countries, USA and Australia, had simlar trend, dropping to 50% and 45% respectively in 2000

As for women, the proportion of old people who were still in the workforce in USA was heighist in 1970 (43%) . But as a decrease to 38% In USA, Japan became the highest as 40%  in 2000. This figure for Bekgium was always lowest, ==at== 8% and 6% respectively in 1970 and 2000. The trend in Australia was different from other 3 countries, the figure increased slightly to 17% in 2000

