           

As the development of the internet, computer games are facilitating children who don’t have enough facilities to play around for entertainment purposes by providing a handy solution to enjoy themselves. As the result the video games are considered to be a bad entertainment way to relax. I can not agree with this idea, though the negative consequence of excessively playing of computer games should not be ignored.

It is easy to see that abusing the computer games for relax is bad for children’s body. Taking a long time on the screen everyday can hurt people’s eye, and also with sitting on the computer desk, children would have no chance to do the physical activities. Insufficient outdoor activities in the young people means they have no way to consume the energy which they get from foods. In this way, the obesity children rate would increase for whole country.

However, as the computer skill is widely considered as the basic knowledge for all employees, a number of people suggest the children should learn computer as early as possible. Thus rendering children touch computer become crucial, and playing computer games holds the key to encourage children learning computers. Plenty of children gain the computer education just because the like of video games and without the teachers and parents pressure. Specially there are a lot of games are programmed for teaching children coding skills, and this would be a significant help to acquire computer skills.

In conclusion, There still are some benefit in playing computer games for young children.