# 09-18-剑14-2

## test2 & test3

### 17,18,19 地图题
> ***精听***
> the queist way to get there is turn the first left after the mainentr**ance** and path pass the bridge, and then you will see it in front yours at the end
> 
> if you go from the main entrance in the director of south gate but turn right before you get there **instead** you go through it, you will see it in you right pass the first tower
> 
> that is at the right ~~for the ... old entrance~~ of the other side of **canstle** from entrance and over the bridge

### 22, 23单选题

22. What was surprising about the mammoth ==tooth== found by Russell Graham?
> ***精听***
> the mammoth brons previ**ously** were found in american mainland was much less recent than that, So this is really amazing
23. The students will use an animated ==diagram== to demonstrate ==how== the ==mammoths==
  - 关键词第一句有说可以roam around the whole area, 所以选了 spread from the island to other areas.
  - `SO` thoes  they can't escape, they have to stay on the ialand


### 25, 27, 28 连线题

25. Introduction
> ***精听***
> we should write down all the idea we want to incl**ude** there det**ai**l, not relay on the memory
  - make detailed note
27. Initial questions asked by the researchers
> ***精听***
> we shoud ask the `audience` to suggest questions, and see how many we can answer 
  - audience 没有听到
  - make it more interactive
28. Further research carried out on the island
> ***精听***
> ~~but it all about the model of present~~ but it's all a bit of `muddled` at present
  - muddled 不会.
  - organise the content more clearly


## test4
- 33,39题没加s, 34拼写错误**festivals**, 35单词不会**comments**, 38题答案只听到了一半**thermometer**,

31. 题很纠结,在正确和错误中徘徊, 她先说了gods, 并且没有听到==ceremonies==等内容
32. 纯粹没听到
> ***精听***
  > but the weather is daily important, observing the sky and drewing the correct conclusions ~~is~~ ==from their== observation==s== was really important, in fact their surviv**a**l depended on it. 
37. scientists recognised value of 37  for the first time
  - 题干没有看懂, 因为后面说了wind的方向和力量, 所以写错了
  > ***精听***
  > scientists began to see the need for **instruments**
40. 19th century: data from different locations could be sent to the same place by
  > ***精听***
  - an invention of telegraph to made it possible for those records to be collected


