# 09-27-剑16-3

## test1

6. 单词错误**snack**

## test2

13. 多选题 Which TWO of the following are likely to be disadvantages for people working outdoors?

> ***精听***
> but if you like a ~~lifely~~ `lively` city environment surround`ed` ~~a~~ lots of people, those jobs are ~~probiboly~~ `probably` not for you, they are often in pertty remote areas


15，16，17 连线题

15. Fresh food commercial manager
  - 选项中`intensive`未能标记出来

> ***精听***
> our clients here are a very large fresh food producer, supplying a range of top supermarkets
> they ~~provide~~ `operate` in a very fast-`paced`  envionment    with a low profit ~~margent~~ `margins`, the staff here work hard, but they play hard as well. So if you are a sociable personality, this maybe for you.


16. Agronomist
  - 第一遍听完全听不懂

> ***精听***
> ~~advantage~~ `advising` farmers ~~are nisure~~ `on issues` such as ~~quite~~  `crop` nutrition, protection against paets ,and ~~least advantage~~ `the latest legislation`  on farming and agricultual practises.
> There are good opportunities for the right person to quickly make ~~the career lader~~ `their way up the caree laddar` , but a deep knoledge of agriculture sector is  ~~excepeted~~ `expected` ~~in the~~ `of` ~~applications~~ `applicants`


17. Fresh produce buyer

> ***精听***
> It was avalible for 12 mouth ~~merternity for the~~ `maternity cover` contract
> you need have the experience in minstration and planning and buying in fresh producing industry
> An in return you will receive a very conpetitive salary


## test3

23. 24. 多选题 Which TWO problems did Rosie have when measuring the fat content of nuts?
  - 审题时间不太够，没有完整理解题目意思

> ***精听***
> ~~meature~~ `measuring` the fat content of the nuts, ~~to see~~ if the nutritional information given on the package is accruate
> The on ~~way~~`where` you ground `up` the nuts, and mixed them with the chemical to ~~absove~~ `obsorb` the fat
> Yes, my results ~~is really~~ `were a bit` problematic  the  fat ~~contained in~~ `content for` that type of nuts seemed much lower than it ~~settle~~ `said` on the package.
> But I recognise the package information is right. I think I should probably have ~~grounded~~ `ground up` more nuts than I did.
> It also possible scales ~~they~~ `for` weighting the fat `weren't` ~~in~~accurate  too


27. 单选题 What does Rosie say about levels of exercise in England?
	  - 选项单词`overestimate`不熟悉

> ***精听***
> when you asked them, about 40% of man and 30% of woman said them do this, but when you objectly measure the ~~what exactely~~ `amount of` walking they do with motion ~~senters~~ `sensors`, you find that only 6% of men and 4% of women do the recommanded ~~sport excesise~~ `amont of exercise`


## test4

38. 单词错误***rough***

37. The first needles were made of natural materials such as wood and （37）.
  - 听到and就直接写了`natural`, 没听到后面的`bone`

> ***精听***
> what's more the very first needles people used were hand ~~cut were~~ `carved out of` wood and other natural materials like bone.


39. Geographical areas had their own （39） of knitting.
  - 结构理解能力不足，这句话先说的`bacause`后面再给出结果，但由于没有连接词，导致没有注意到。

> ***精听***
> Another interesting fact about knitting, is because it was  ~~practising~~ `pratised` in so many parts of the world ~~with~~ `for` so many ~~porposes~~ `purposes`, ~~region~~ `regional` differences in style developed.
