# 09-21-剑15-1

## test1 

4. Jobs are usually for at least one ()
	- 由于女生先问是否一颗工作mouths， 然后男人又说'not difficult'就填上了
> ***精听***
> That should not be too difficult, but you are more like to be offered something  for ~~weeks~~ `a week` at frist, which might get extanded。

## test2

11, 12 单选题, 17, 18, 19 填空题

11. According to the speaker, the company
> ***精听***
> We are small family run conpany, and we believe ~~it is important~~ `in the importance` of personal touch.
> So we don't aim to compite with other companies ~~with~~ `on the` numbers of costomers.
> 
> what we do is build on our many years experience more than almost any other ~~real~~  `rail` holiday company. ~~Do we~~ `to entrue we` provide perfect holidadys with a small number of destinations which ~~get~~  `we have got` to know extramelia well. 

12. Where can customers `meet the tour manager` before travelling to the Isle of Man?
	- 没有注意题干中的`meet the tour manager`, 一直在等待`Isle of Man?`结果导致答案错过
> ***精听***
> our holiday starts in Heysham where your tour manager will meet you, then you traval with ferry to the Isle of Man.

17. Day 3 Trip to Snaefell. -Travel along promenade in a tram; train to Laxey; train to the  (17)  of Snaefell
	- 关键词没有划到`promenade, Laxey`
> ***精听***
> 	it begins with ~~the legend~~ `a leisurely ride` road along the promenade and Doglas in a ~~whole strong~~ horse-drawn tram, then you ~~bought~~ `board` a `electric` train which takes you to the fishing village of Laxey, from  there it is a 8 kilometre ride in the snaefell mountain rail way to the top

18. Day 4 Free day. - Company provides a  (18)  for local transport and heritage sites.
> ***精听***
> day 4 is a free view to to export. using a pass which I will give you. So you won't have to pay for travel ~~the~~ `on` local pransport or for entrance of the island heritage sites.

19. 听到了, 但`stem`与`steam`混淆了

## test3

21, 22 连线题, 29题多选题

21. the eldest child 
22. a middle child
> ***精听***
> some studies claim that they ~~would~~ `were hough to` be good at ~~nutury~~ `nurturing`, certenly in the pass when people have large families, they would be expected to look after the younger one.
> 
> there isn't such a clear picture for middle children. But on ~~trend~~ `trait that` a lot of studies mention is that they ~~were easy~~ `are easier` to go on with ~~their~~  `one` older or younger siblings 

29. experiences of sibling rivalry do the speakers agree has been valuable for them?
	1. 选项单词**tolerant：忍受**不会
	2. 男人最后一句中的`less`没有听出来，以至于选择了`learning to share`选项
> ***精听***
> my younger brother is ~~increadibal~~ `incredibly` annoyning, and we ~~fight~~ `fought` a lot. 
> 
> But I think this made me a stronger person, I know how to defend myself. We have a ~~tiriable~~ `terrible` agruements, and I want him died rather than ~~apolygies~~ `apolpgize` to him
> 
> But we have to put up each other, and most of time we ~~coassited~~ `coexisted amicably` enough
>
> Yes, my situation is pettery ~~simarly~~ `simailar`, But I don't think having two older brothers made me any less selfish

## test4

33, road没加s; 40, **nest**不会写. 35-39 由于 ==high-frequency==, ==mid-frequency==, ==low-frequency==未出现原文, 所以没有更紧

35. high-frequency bushfires have impact on vegetation,  resulting in the growth of  (35)
	- If there are very frequent bushfires in a region, this encourages grass to grow afterwards.
37. maintain the quality of the (37)
    - And there's another reason, if these other quick growing species of bushes and plants are allowed to proliferate, they harm the eucalyptus in another way by affecting the composition of the soil and removing nutrients from it.
39. a (39) ecosystem
    - 听到ecosystem就写了，没有听到unlike
	- Well, unlike tropical rainforest, which is a rich ecosystem, this type of ecosystem is usually a simple one.


