# 09-29-剑17-1

## test1

4. 单词拼写错误`butterflies`
7. 复数没有加`boots`
8. 单词拼写错误`beginner`
10. 数字没有反应过来

1. making sure the beach does not have (1)  on it
  - 正在划关键词, 没有跟上音频

> ***精听***
> one of the regular ones is trying to keep the beach free of litter.

## test2

11. What is the maximum number of people who can stand on each side of the boat?
  - 先说了最多`15`人, 再说了`9`人, 没有看到题干中的`each side`. 注意`but`

> ***精听***
> we can transport `a futher` 15 people that's you around ~~cosline~~ `coastline`, but please note, if there ~~were~~ `are` more than 9 people on the either side of boat, we will move some you over

13. Which lunchbox is suitable for someone who doesn't eat meat or fish?
  - 只介绍了每种餐盒中包括什么, 没有听到meat与fish

> ***精听***
> Lunchbox 1 contains ham and tomato sandwiches.
> Lunchbox 2 contains ~~chet~~ `chaddar` cheese roll.
> Lunchbox 3 is salad based, but also contains eggs and ~~chelar~~ `tuna`.

14. What should people do with their litter?

> ***精听***
> we don't have any bins to put litter in, but Jess myself or ray or other ~~guaids~~ `guide` will collect `it from` you after lunch and put them all in a large plasic ~~lag~~ `sack`


15. 多选题 Which TWO features of the lighthouse does Lou mention?

> ***精听***
> it was built in 1838, to protect ~~sealers~~ `sailor` as a number of  ~~ship risk~~  `shipwrecks had` led to significent loss of life


17. 多选题 Which TWO types of creature might come close to the boat?
  - 未注意题干中的`close to the boat`

> ***精听***
> But you might birds in the distance, such as sea eagles, fly around cliffs `edges` where ~~is near their neasts~~ `they nest`.
> Dophine on anther hand can sometime approach on their own or `in` groups `as` they ride ~~away~~ `the waves` beside us

## test3

21. What problem did both Diana and Tim have when arranging their work experience?

> ***精听***
> but finding ~~what the~~ `the right sort of` farm to apply to wasn't easy.
> 
> No, they don't have a website do they.
> I find mine through a friend of my mother's but it wasn't easy.


27. 连线题 Medical terminology
  - 不理解原文中`straightforward`的意思 

> ***精听***
> well my hard ~~sctor~~  when I ~~though~~ `saw` that, especially right `at` the begining of the course, and I did struggle with it
>
> I though it would be hard, but actually I found it all quite ~~strit forwards~~ `straightforward`


28. 连线题 Diet and nutrition

> ***精听***
> do you remember what they told us about pat food,  the fact there ara such limitated checking ~~on~~ `into`  whether `or not` it was ~~contimate~~ `contaminated`. I mean in  ~~comparesion~~ `comparision with` the checks food for humans. I though taht was terrible


## test4

34. 单词拼写错误`meditation`
38. 没有加`ing`

31. Mazes are a type of ()
  - 第一题之前的文章太多了，以为自己听漏了，直接看32题去了

> a mazes is quite different, as it is a kind of puzzle with ~~intracer~~ `intricate` network of path


39. patients who can’t walk can use ‘finger labyrinths’ made from ( )

> in some hospitals the patients who cannot walk can have a paper ‘finger labyrinths’ bright to their bed

40. research has shown that Alzheimer’s sufferers experience less (40)
  - 原文中`relief`没有与题目中less对应上
  - For example, one study found that walking a labyrinth provided ‘short-term calming, relaxation, and relief from anxiety’ for Alzheimer’s patients.
