# 09-23-剑15-3

| detail | delivery | tidy | disease | perfume | 
| ------ | -------- | ---- | ------- | ------- |

## test1

1,4,6,7 填空题

1. 未加s. **meetings**
4. 单词错误. **detail**
6. 单词错误. **deliveries**
7. 单词认识错误. **tidy**

## test2

15,单选题. 19,20 多选题

15. Alice says that Street Play Schemes are most needed in ()
	- 题目为被动语态，审题时未注意，导致听文章时错过

> ***精听***
> Absolutely. We want all the kids in the city, especially those living in the busy road

19. 20. Which TWO results of the King Street experiment surprised Alice?
	- `quieter` 与 `quality` 听混淆
	- `though` 与 `felt` 混淆

> ***精听***
> It is amazing how much difference its made.
> As we predicted, air condition was significant better, but what we ~~don't~~ `hadn't` expected was how huch ~~quality~~ it would be
> Even `with` the buses `still` running
> of cause anyone said they  felt safer, but we were actually amazed ~~salls and shopper made~~ `sales in the shops went up considerably` that day
> we ~~felt there are less~~ `though there'd be few` people in shopping, not more.
## test3

26,填空题. 27,28,30 连线题,

26. 单词错误**assumption**

27. national news item
	- 文章中`keen` 与 `and` 没有听出来
> ***精听***
> ~~I do that system and~~ `And on that basis a` national news item would be worth analysing. I am quite `keen on` politics So I try ~~to~~ `and` find sutiable topic

28. editorial
> ***精听***
> In that case, I ~~don't~~ `won't` even bother to look.

30. arts
	- 前面几题都是男声先给建议,女声给结果, 最后一题是女声先直接说出来,导致没有跟上

> `Perhaps` I'll chooce art topic like different reviews of a film or something funding ~~in the~~ `for` art. I will think about that.


## test4

36,37 单词错误 `disease` `perfume`

33. used a strigil – scraper made of (33)
	- then anointed themselves with oil, and scraped off the oil and dirt with a metal instrument known as a strigil.
38. 1791: Leblanc invented a way of making soda ash from (38)
> when the ~~Fresh~~ `French` chemist "N L" `patented`   a preocess for turning salt into soda ash or sodium ~~cabinate~~ `carbonate`

40. from 1800s, there was no longer a (40) on soap
> ***精听***
> Until the 19th `century`, soap was regarded as a ~~luxture~~ `luxury` item, with heavily taxed in ~~servial~~ `several` countries.
> As it bacame more `readily` avaliable and it became ~~more sicity~~ `an everyday necessity`.
> the development `that` was ~~reenforced~~ `reinforced` when the high tax was removed