# 09-20-剑14-4

## test1 & test2

4,5,6 填空题. 15 连线题

4. can give a ( ) while people are eating
	- 没有听到
> what is exactly is the mc's function? I ~~surpose~~ `suppose` they will make a speech during the meal if we need one do we?
5. will provide ( ) if there are any `problems`
	- 听到了说要派经理来帮助, 以为是原文中职务的缩写`mc`
> That right, all our MCs are ~~trand~~ `trained` as public speakers, So they can easily get people attention, many guests are ~~glade~~ `glad` to have someone make them heard about the ~~chater~~ `chatter`. 
> And `they're` also your support, if anything goes wrong, the mc will deal with it, So you can relax.
6. 单词不会**cabins**
15. observatory trip
> ~~after wood we have a song sand~~ `afteraward we headdown to Sunset` beach, where you can have a ~~deep~~ `dip` in the ocean if you want, before we ~~hope~~ `head off` back to the hetol






## test4
32, 35, 37, 39. 填空题

32. esearch carried out into structures, ( )  and human remains
	- 听到原文中是 `buildings, houses and human remains`
> reascher on the buildings, tools, and human remains has revealed how the bustling `village once` fuctioned, and even what ~~desises~~ `dieases` some of its residents suffered from

35. ound ancient Roman ships carrying architectural elements made of ( )
	- 未听到原文
    - while ferrying prefabricated marble elements for the construction of an early church. 
37. AUV can send data to another AUV that has better ( )  for example
	- 虽然听到了`camera`, 但觉得写在这个空中不对
    - with a nearby AUV that carries superior cameras, and arrange for that AUV to make a closer inspection of the object.
36. 原文中为`clean the eyes`, 由于上下文听不懂, 写成了`ice`
> including tablets that ~~soute be desoult~~  `thought to have been dissolved` to form the  cleaning **liquid** for the eyes.
