# 09-22-剑15-2

## test1

5. health, healthy 混淆
8. Swimming in the (8)
	- 听到natural, 就写上了
> ***精听***
> That means swinning in natural waters rather than  a swimming pool.
> 
> In a lake for instence.
> 
> Yes, ~~the~~ `there's a` beautiful one just outside ot town.


## test2

12, 13, 14 单选题
12. Why is there a statue of Diane Gosforth in the park?
	- 听到了这个人阻止了公园变成公寓的进程, 但没听到身份
> ***精听***
> one the council had become the ~~league~~ `legal` owner, they palned to sell the land for housing. 
> Many local people wanted `it to` remain a place `that` everyone could go to. To enjoy the fresh air and natural environment.
> Remember the park is ~~enidensially publicly residence~~ `in a desely reidentail` area
> Diane Gosforth wes one of those people and she orgenised ~~the demenstrate people~~ `petitions and demonstrations`.
> which eventually made the council change the mind about the future of the land

13. During the First World War, the park was mainly used for
	- 先听到了作为菜园, 但右面改变了用途
> ***精听***
> And most of park was ~~daged to plant~~ `dug up and planted` with vegetables, `which were` ~~and was~~ sold locally.
> At one stage the army  condisered taking it over for ~~true excessises~~ `troop exercises`.
> And got as far as contacting  with the city cuncil,  then decide the park was too small to be of use.
> There ware ~~ocitions~~ `occasional` public meeting during the war, in ~~the~~ `an` area had been retained as grass
14. When did the physical transformation of the park begin?
	- 听到了从15年开始转变,16年结束, 所以选了2015
> ***精听***
> then they were ~~ariveled~~  `revised` at 2015, ~~and then the~~ `before any` work had started.
> The changes finally get going at 2016 and were finished on schedule ~~on~~ last year

15-10 地图题, 由于不熟悉方位词, 听的时候已经晕了
> ***精听***
> But immediately to the north of lily pond, almost `in` the centre of the park, which make it much visible.
> There is a new area of ==wooden sculptures== which on the river bank, ~~which~~ `where` the path from east gate makes a ~~shelf bank~~ `sharp bend`
> The ==playground== has been enlarged and improved and that between the river and the path leads from pond to the river.
> Then there is `a new` maze, `a cirular series o path`   ~~parts~~ seperated by low ~~heduaes~~ `hedges`. That is near the west gate, you go north from there towards the river, and then turn left to reach it.
> Something I want to mention is new fitness area. it is right next `to the` lily pond on the same side with the west gate


## test3

21. groups of people is the display primarily intended for? (多选题)
	- **residents** 看成了阻止.

23. 24. What are Cathy and Graham's two reasons for choosing the novelist Charles Dickens? (多选题)
> ***精听***
> that is a good idea most of people heard `of` him, and `have probably read some of` ~~probrobily seen~~ his novels or seen the films based on them. So that is a good ~~leading to the rest of~~  `lead-in to life in his` time
> 
> exactly, and his novels show ~~a aufoll~~ `the awful` conditions that most people had to live in don't they. He want to shock people `into` doing something about it

26.29 题连线题
26. Oliver Twist
> ***精听***
> and next would be Oliver Twist, there is a lot of navels about poverty, but maybe something less obvious
> 
> well Oliver is ~~told~~ `taught`  how to steal isn't he
> 
> we can use that to illustrate fact that ~~a litter~~ `very few` children went to children proticular not poor cildren so they learnt in other ways

29. Bleak House
	- 原文时首先说了`satire of the legal system is pretty powerful.`, 然后又接了`but + 女人的生平`. ==注意听BUT==


## test4

31. (31) was seen as the main priority to ensure the supply of water.
	- 原文中说`primarily from Limpopo River`, 所以填了river
	- To support agriculture in this dry region, the programme focused primarily on making use of existing water resources from the Limpopo River by setting up systems of irrigation.

32. Most of the work organised by farmers' associations was done by (32).
	- 定位到的句子
	- The programme worked closely with the district government in order to find the best way of implementing this.
	- 考察的句子
	- The region already had one farmers' association, and it was decided to set up two more of these. These associations planned and carried out activities including water management, livestock breeding and agriculture, and it was notable that in general, women formed the majority of the workforce.

33. (33) for the fences
	- The community was responsible for creating these fences, but the programme provided the necessary wire for making them. Once the area had been fenced off, it could be cultivated.

37. 单词拼写错误`preservation`

