# 09-30-剑17-2

## test1

2. 未加s
8. 单词错误`quiz`

4. Help by providing 4
  - 从女声说答案转到了男声说答案，没反应过来

> ***精听***
> I  could help with support transport, if that `is of` ~~are~~ any use
> ~~definelity~~ `definitely`, people come ~~library~~ `to club` form ~~nerbouring~~ `neighbouring` villages, we'are always 
`in` need more drivers

## test2

16. 连线题 large barn
  - 刚开始选对了，但是20题听到了和16题相似的内容，然后动摇了

> ***精听***
> in there is our collection of agriculture tools, they were uesed in the past to ~~plase~~ `plough` the earth, sow seeds.

19. 连线题 shed
  - 后半句没听懂

> ***精听***
> outside the shed which is the only brick building, you can climb ~~a whole strong carage from~~ `into a horse-drawn carriage for a` lovely relaxing tour of park and farm

20. 连线题 parkland
  - `sheep`听成了`shovel`

> ***精听***
> you see ~~catal~~  `type of cattle and sheep`  that are hardly ever found on famers those days, we are hoping to preserve them, to stop their number falling further.

## test4

31. `thousand`的3个零中间空格忘删了
33. 单词错误`podcast`
34. 未加s
35. 单词错误`bilingual`


32. has a (32)  that is still growing
  - 听到increasing的时候没反应过来
> ***精听***
> in fact the vacabulary of icelandic is ~~containue~~ `continually` increasing, beacuse when speakers ~~starting knew~~ `need` a new word of something, they ~~trend~~ `tend` to create one, rather than ~~broswer~~ `borrowing` one from another language.


38. write very little in Icelandic because of the small number of speakers and because of how complicated its (38)  is
  - 大标题在答案后面，导致没有注意
  - The other drawback of Icelandic is the grammar, which is significantly more complex than in most languages.
	

40. is worried about the consequences of children not being (40)  in either Icelandic or English
  - If children are learning two languages through different routes, neither of which they are fully fluent in, will they be able to express themselves properly?
