## internet
==观点1==
Speaking off the top of my head,  the best advantage is tha the internet is an easy source of information. we can attend some classes online, and get useful knowledge related to work or study. As an employee, I would like to get some background knowledge about my task.

==2. It is easy to see that==
Apart from that, internet makes our lives much easier and more interesting. For example. we can chat with other people online, and share our experiences at leisure time.

## airpline
there are several benifits to name.
==option1==
Firstly, the most **obvious** one is that traveling by plane is convenient and time-saving **compared to** other major transportations like the train. For example, we are able to travel from Beijing to London in ==less== than nine hours
==opinion==
==more importantly==, it is quite comfortable and cozy to fly. If I took a long flight, I could watch some great movies on the plane or ask for a blanket to rest. What's more, the sanitation of the plane is better than that of other transport tools, which can make you a clean and comfortable experience.

## take photo with smart phone
==opinion==
- the biggest advantage is 
- convenience
- capture beautiful moments
- having a fantasitc view of nature scenes.
- beside
- store many precious visual moments

==ideas==
- As for drawback
- quality
- a difficult problem to balance

## living in city or countryside
- breath the fresh and clean air.
- what' more
- I'm fond of doing many interesting outdoor activities 
- for example I often go camping at the bank of beautiful river.

## physical work or mental work
- If I were asked my preference for ... or ...
- I shall pick the latter one
- ==It's mainly because== mental work is ==challenging and creative==
- which can make me fell a sense of pride and satisfaction
- ==Apart form than==, I have ian inquiring mind, and mental work has more opportunities to ==gain useful knowledge, pick up vaulable insights and broaden  my horizon==
- ==Beside==, 

## winning in a team or on their own
- as far as I am concerned
- more importantly
- but I also want to point out that

## face to face communication and phone calls
- There is a huge difference between
- for 。。。
- It is a much clear and close way for people to talk with each other
- Because we are able to use body languages to ==express our ideas and emotions==
- ==on the contrary==,
- 