# 口语训练-P1题目

> 今日目标：增加链接词
- Do you like to wear special costumes
	- 转折
	- 缩小范围
- Did you try any special costumes when you were young?
- When was you last time to wear special costumes?
- Do you ever buy special costumes?

==flowers==
- What kinds of flowers do you know
	- 转折
- Are there any flowers that special meaning in China
- Have you planted any flowers
- Have you sent flowers to anyone?

==relax==
- What do you do to relax?
- Do you think sports is a good way to relax
	- 转折或者故事
- Do you think vacation is a good time for you to relax
- Do you think students need more relaxing time
	- 细节

==cars==
- do you like travel by car
- when do you travel by car？
	- 缩小范围
- where is the farthest place you have travelled by car？
	- 空间不好用就变成时间
- Do you like to sit in the front or back when traveling by car?

==animals==
- Do you like to watch TV programs about wild animals？
	- documentary
- Did you learn something about wild animals at school？
- Where can you see wild animals?
- In which country do you think you  can see many animals？

> 今日目标：增加链接词

==environment==
- Would you like to work in a company related to environmental projection?

==app==
- What apps have you recently used?
- What the first app you used?
- What kind of apps you usually interested in?
	- 情感
- What kinds of apps would you like to use in the future

==colours==
- what‘s your favourite colour？
- what’s the colour you dislike? why
	- dazzing
- what colours do your friends like most?
- what colour makes you uncomfortable in you room?

==weather==
- what kind of weather do you like most?
- what's the weather like in your hometown?
	- standard climate
- what is your favourite season?
- Do you prefer dry or wet weather?
	- range

==gatting lost==
- Have you ever lost you way?
- How can you find your way when you are lost?
- `Can you read a map when you get lost?`
- Have you ever helped someone who got lost?

==concentration==
- Is it difficult for you to `stay focused on` something
- what do you do to help you concentrate?
- `what may distract you when you are trying to stay focused`
- `when do you need to be focuesed`

==pets and animals==
- what's your favourite animal? why?
	- cat family
- `what is the most popular anilal in china?`
- Have you ever had a pet before?
	- but if
- Where dou you perfer to keep you pet, indoors or outdoors?

==public garden and park==
- would you like to play in a public garden or park
	- tender
- what do you like to do when visiting a park?
- `How have parks changed today compared to the time when you are kids?`
- Whould you prefer to play in a personal garden or public garden?

==science==
- `Do you like science？`
- When did you start to learn about science?
- Which science subjects is interesting you?
- what kinds of interesting things have you done with science?

==Headphone==
- Do you use headphones?
- what kind of headphones do you use?
- when would you use headphone?
- In waht condition, you won't use headphones?

==Shoes==
- Do you like buying shoes? how often?
- have you ever bought shoes online?
	- appropriate
- How much money do you usually spend on shoes?
	- sandals
- which do you prefer, fashionable shoes or comfortables shoes?
	- 缩小范围

==Handwriting==
- Do you like handwriting?
- Do you think handwriting is important?
- which do you prefer, handwriting or typing?
	- correct
- What's the differences between handwriting and typing?

==spending time with others==
- Do you like talking with people?
- How do you like spending time with your friends?
- Do you prefer to study alone or with others?
- Do you remember a time when you need to cooperate with others?

==TV programs==
- what kinds of TV program do you enjoy watching?
- Did you watch too much TV when you were a child?
- Do you like the TV program you enjoy watching as a child?
- Do you think children nowadays watched too much TV?

wide range 
hassle
opt for 
vote for