# 02-14

- the cable ==runs end up being== pretty short
- So it's not that big of a deal
- when you scale up to say 
- those system	==tend not== work so great
- we turn to somthing ==way better==
- they hace ==way stronger== signal than others
- balance them on each coverage
- the bad news is

## 听力
- 地点后+in经常是时间

| 错误单词       |            |            |
| -------------- | ---------- | ---------- |
| brother-in-law | travel     | restaurant |
| min==u==tes    | unstable   | experience |
| choice         | ignore     | ability    |
| facilitating   | providing  | influence  |
| policy         | private    |            |
| environment    | government |            |

## 写作

In Some big companys, the old people always play a curial role to rule the whole organizations. However there are some people who believe than young people should be a better choice to lead the companys.

This is true that the young people have more power than those old employees, and that could allow them having more time in working to organize the companies. However in my view, using the old people as a leaders would be better, though the advantage of the young leader can not be ignore.

But the old people have more experience than the younger people. As the globalization, the environment about business would be variety even in a short period of time, and that is the reason why having the experience to understand business environment and the policies published by different governments would be way more important. That means they must have better ability to know how to communicate and influence the government. As the result those old employees have more means to coping with the sudden problems and unstable policies. And that is of importance for the development of companies.

Another importance reason is that the older employees have good relationships with other employees in companies or organizations. And those relationships are facility those older leaders by providing a easy solution to run the organizations in a more efficient way. If the younger employees who do not know other employees very well become the leaders, they may put other employees in a wrong place where they can not do their best to finish the jobs. And that would limit the growing of the companies.

In conclusion, placing a powerful younger people could be better for the companies rather than using the old people as a main directors to lead the organizations.

# 02-16

| 单词         |          |           |         |         |
| ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------- | ------- |
| third        | cleaner  | assistant | answer  |         |
| facilitating | petrol   | financial | limit   | license |
| assessed     | minerals |           |         |         |
| urban        | patterns | December  | pianist |         |

| 需要注意               |          |
| ---------------------- | -------- |
| 30 kilometres （30 km) | 4 mouths | 


           
## 作文
With the increase number of private cars, the traffic accidents was growing significant in recent years. As the result, many people believe that to limate the number of cars and motorcycles by increasing the age level of getting the driver linciens is the best way to tackle this problem. However in my view, there are serval ways to deal with this situation.

At the beginning, developing the public traffic in the cities can solve the problem easily. The main reason for the traffic accident is that there are a number of people who are willing to use car as the transport tools rather than public in the rush hour. So improving the public traffic, such as bus or subway, is faciliting the people who want to go to their work position in time by providing a handy solution. With the developed public transport,

Increasing the protrel tax would be another effective step to solve the problem. With the higher price of gases, people would have less willing to use the cars. Which will reduce the usage of the car, and also increasing the tax incoming for the governments. Having those money, the local government can have the finacial means to invest in the traffic facilities or other important area like the education or health area. And also the government can educate citizens to obey the traffic laws by placing more traffic polices in the road.

In conclusion, I believe to increase the lowest age level for using private cars and motorcycles is not the best choice for safety reason. Developing the public traffic facilities and increasing the gas tax are the better ways in this area.