## 2022-06-09
Hello this is ==megon== this week i would like to talk differents between translaters and ==detectors==.

it is common miscomsumption that translater and dections do the same things, I just like to highlight the few ...   differents between those two

Firstly, tanslation refers to writing communicating while the detecting refer to ==werb== communicating

so for example  the translators will not be ==attend== court during  translating the part **involved**
but would make the translator write avidence use in that case

secondly, both jobs requires  different skills, translators require the ability to write well and ==compartly==  into the target language.
This means you must have **excellent** command of ==certain== language

for example although I can speak and good understand it, I can not traslate english to french, 
although I can traslate from French to English, which means only helf way of it being a internation player

And as a ==dectoctors== you need to speak both language **frofessional**

thirdly, the **qualification** and experiment required to become eight to become experiment translator later or detector due ... 
both require years  of training  to ==reslovting== **qulification**
but all we can learn on the training would be very different

so just be clear that translator would translate the ==woden== text while the detectors will translate ==sumbal== cummunication

And if you like this video, like us.

## 2022年6月10日

To understand what vitamin D does, we need to understand the centre concept.
the function of vitamin D is to maintain the blood ==cocide==

You probable think that vitamin D function is to maintain strong bone and teeth but they does it by accident.

It's real function is to maintain your bloood cell level in a very ~~narrwel~~ **narrow** range.

The reason of it is if you blood concel level falls below 9 minili grade per 100 mili liters

and you will alonging to be a big trouble and died ==rock== quickly

and that because  blood ==cocide== is important for **muscle** contraction and nerve transmation.

If you don have enough of it you cant contract muscle **normally** 

They can't be normal ==causerly==
and that affection of cause **disease** called ==tatemin==
we will get it uncontrol until death

Cansoing is also important for ==exam== activity and blood contain

##  2022年6月11日
the mount of money drug companis spend  on tv ads doubled recent years， and its no wander the study shows the consumer it worked ... the ==consumers== went to their **daughter** suggestion  when hey saw advertising on TV, 
now the study on analyze on tv recent question those ads promote in ==pired his== name report
, just see the medician recent quite mecent theis ad ==connor== in 

you are loss likely to see the drug ads during on time special the news.

reashers analyzed 38 ads people would conditions like  ==hyber cation==, 
==herbers== high ==colestrol== threats and energies.
the drug industry said it gave consumers information but researchers fond those infomation is technology inaccurate 

the **tongue** is miss leading, you see siconice stron ll catalog has this study


what we see at those ads before take the perspaction drugs the characters put of that control, and the extent control is expand just be in impact in house condation 

forexample the herbes control would inpacted in days in ==spme== ad senk in the job and depresion roll the parties

when the characters shows taking the drug, it gain the magicly out of control of his life.

no ads of course is for life saving just also help for the condition after all those marketing, but In this case ... medcation is not like  sope

## 2022年6月12日
This is fault white house 
if you live all the time just one call that everyday. 
It is the form of all cars comsumption unit of live boot

I starting **measuring** everything around my house around my office, 
I find thouse surprise things first I plug a phone charge and it even did't 
unregister on it, Using this one hundred of line ==boot== on the park

Don't you think phone charge could be a number one consumption. 
Just  take one whole back everyday ==... same energy five ports== all the time. 

And I started finding 40 iphones unfount of guse on the  ... water
And that surprise me.

transport would be the biggest form of consumption used about third energy. If you drive a average car 50 kilometres one day ...
..., 40 life boot every time.

today the average **Britisher** using a one hundr 25 ==boat== power
That was 124 light ==boot== on time no stop. That is huge
